2/26/2019My favorite coffee spot in LA finally opened up in Hollywood. &nbsp;Everything is done well here, from top to bottom this place is awesome.They also have the best-tasting drop coffee, mocha's, and croissants.
4/8/2019It was going to be my first time here and then:No Cash just Card! ... What??Get out of here!!!! &nbsp;Buuuuuuuu!
3/24/20191 check-inNeat, clean and modern coffee bar. Great customer service! We enjoyed our iced coffee and turmeric sparkling beverage on the patio. The tables outside were a bit dirty but that's to be expected of the careless people in hollywood that dont clean up after themselves. The patio is a bit noisy with the Hollywood blvd. Traffic, but that was our choice to sit outside.The sparkling turmeric bev was delish. Not sweet at all with a little kick from the cayenne and sparkles. Iced coffee wasnt anything to write home about...average at best. A bit watered down for my taste. &nbsp;The little bar by early bird was yummy...sweet and salty!
3/20/2019Cute coffee bar! Nice outside seating with tons of outlets for charging laptops and phones! Quiet enough to read inside, but still enough excitement to distract yourself for a few.I recommend their iced lattes! So delicious! They have their own sweetener they make themselves which is a must have!Only has a few drawbacks, the bathrooms used to be public and with so few shops on Hollywood blvd having public restrooms, word traveled fast and there was a long wait for the bathroom every time I stopped by. Today, I was pleased to see they switched to customers only, with the the addition of a lock and a key cutely tied to a coffee cup (LOL).The second thing is that the outdoor seating area has a terrible gnat problem! Honestly, can't blame them for this because it's Hollywood blvd, and it can get pretty disgusting here. But either way, it's gross and an unpleasant greeting and farewell.
2/25/20192 check-insFinally there's a new Intelligentsia in town.This location is perfect for people watching as it's located right on Hollywood Blvd. and has open windows all around.The space is kind of small, but there's plenty of bar style seating and a nice patio.I think this location is less geared for getting work done, unless you're the writer type. Instead, it's more of a spot to unwind and enjoy a strong espresso or coffee.The vibe is pretty cool during the day, but it's probably more chill in the evening when the noise from traffic dies down.There's metered parking along Hollywood and side streets, which is easy to access during the day...before 4pm, otherwise parking might be a bit challenging.
2/24/2019New Intelligentsia in Hollywood Walk of Fame.Pretty and neat interior.Only downside is that it's in this area so hectic and hard to park.Easier if you happen to be in the neighborhood and walking and need good coffee.
3/18/20191 check-inI'm thrilled to see an Intelligentsia shop in Hollywood. The location on Hollywood Blvd. near Cahuenga is perfect and only a few steps away from the weekly Farmers Market. The beautiful interior is super comfortable and the service is beyond friendly. A great addition to the area.
2/20/2019First to ReviewGreat to have Intelligentsia Coffee open on Hollywood Blvd at Cahuenga. &nbsp;A much needed new premium merchant on a desolate intersection, amid the bong shops, hoochie dress/shoe stores and creepy windowless cult of Scientology buildings. &nbsp;Nice reno inside with screened in patio and the usual excellent assortment of coffee and food items found in other locations.See all photos from Sunrise B. for Intelligentsia Coffee
4/14/2019I read about this coffee shop and had it on my to do list to stop by when I'm in the area. &nbsp;Service was awesome and the place smells great!! Ordered my cortado and I was off to my appointment. Had to take a quick pic to send off to my friends to make them jelly. Sorry, for some reason I can't upload images but will try later.CortadoCortadoOutside locationOutside location
3/21/2019Updated review1 check-inHot drinks are always cold, I have to keep mentioning to make them Hot but still slightly warm. If this continues I keep subtracting stars.Chai LatteChai Latte
4/17/2019This place is actually really good. I was shocked by the cash-less approach and their lack of flavors.. they only carry Mocha and sweetener? I'm not sure. I ordered an iced, sweetened latte and hoped for the best. Right on the corner of Cahuenga and Hollywood Blvd. I recommend trying this place out, although it won't be my regular spot.
4/17/2019I am still a little put off by the fact they are "cashless" but the coffee is amazing and the location is nice. I went with a puppy so we sat in their outside seating area which was clean but they was a swarm of flies on the middle. I had to walk thru it to go order my coffee and return to my seat. The menu is small but if you want a coffee that doesn't taste so burnt or bitter that it needs to be masked by flavors and additives this is the place to go. They do have food and pasties but they are on the pricy side and I wasn't in the mood to try something that I might not like.
4/11/2019Friendly customer service. But then they'd really have to be friendly at $5 for a small black coffee. But also I've never been to anywhere on Earth that is cashless.. This place ONLY accepts card payment. Very bizarre- and I don't see the payment requirement mentioned much on Yelp or their website. You may want to be a bit "intelligentsia" yourself and walk a block up to 7/11 to get their crappy coffee instead.
2/24/2019And..... there's great coffee of Hollywood Blvd. Beautiful new shop that is already churning out some great cappuccinos. The walk of fames true star.
2/20/2019A welcome addition to Hollywood! Had a latte and it was very good. Consistent with the other locations. This location has a very nice seating area in front. The staff is well trained and know how to please the customers. Today was the first day they opened. Looks like the hours are 6:30am to 7:30pm. Some street parking, and a lot behind them but I don't think they validate. If you come before 8am I always see plenty of parking in front!
3/26/2019Good cafe for take out or just a short sit. The seats are not too comfortable. But they got a good menu of tea and coffee. will be back for sure.
4/9/2019Living locally I was excited intelligentsia opened in my hood. My first experience was quite odd. On entering the premises there was a swarm of flies in the open outdoor area however on entering the cafe it looks beautiful. Prime location and very chic. The reason I'm given them 3 stars is due to the flies but also a payment issue. This location only accepts cards. I personally carry cash only for coffee and meals. Luckily I was on my way to buy groceries and had a card but sadly the 3 tourists in front of me in line had cash only and were turned away by employees. This location does not even offer Apple Pay. Very unusual to see a business in a high traffic tourist spot to not think that most tourists carry cash. It was a very odd interaction to see potential customers be turned away due to being card only. It's minimum $5 a coffee... that's $15... when I questioned the employee if this happens often they said it was a non stop issue they have had since opening. &nbsp;Sadly I don't think I will visit this location again.
