3/13/20191 check-inI just flew in from Dallas and was looking for a place I could get some good comfort food. I've been craving a scotch egg the past few days and I figured what better place to get a scotch egg than Chicago. So I decided to wait. Good decision on my part.This place was welcoming from the minute I walked in the door. Really nice vintage bar n decor.I ordered the steak and ale pie with mash n heavy on top. And two scotch eggs. Got oat laced cookie for dessert. Everything was delicious. Couldn't have asked for more. I will be back again before I leaveScotch Egg Steak and Ale PieScotch Egg Steak and Ale PieVase with flowersVase with flowersMenuMenuSee all photos from Tim L. for Pleasant House Pub
4/25/2019PLEASANTLY surprised at how flavorful the pies were!I ordered the Chicken Balti pie with a side of a scotch egg. The pie had a perfect level of crust and crisp to it, neither being too hard or to soft to break your spoon or fork through. If you're looking for a spiced flavor among the pies, ORDER THIS! I was also really impressed with the way the scotch egg tasted (I've never had a scotch egg before) and the side of mustard, which had this sour aftertaste to it and for someone who isn't a fan of mustard, I finished every bit of it!The restaurant gave off modern rustic vibes and let's not talk about how GORGEOUS the bathroom actually is (not that ya'll needed to know, but just wanted to put that out there because I am a sucker for really nice restaurant bathrooms!!). Our server was really nice and seemed very down to earth.A perfect first meal in Chicago! Highly recommend!
3/28/2019Came here in need of a hangover fix.Delicious full English breakfast + a real cask ale = done.I wish the pub I lived next to was more like this (no offence, Neil).
4/21/20191 check-inFinally came around to trying this place! Sunday afternoon around 2pm, had about 2 or 3 other tables around. Ordered both steak pie and chicken balti pie. The crust on the pies were really good but we wished the pie filling was "piping hot" instead of warm. Like others have mentioned, the steak pie is good but not great. Had more carrots than steak. Would not get again. Mash potato crown was just ok. Wasn't anything to write home about. Chicken balti was our favorite- the chicken was well seasoned and tender. Wished it was served hotter. Fries were good. Rarebit mac n cheese was not good at all. It was too tangy (maybe from the beer) and not creamy/cheesy. Would not get again either. The sticky toffee cake was good but also not mind blowing. Would come back to try the fish n chips (only served in Friday's) but that's about it.
2/3/20191 check-inIf you find yourself in Chicago during a polar vortex, this is a good place to have a nice warm meal! I've always been a fan of British fare, and it was cool to discover a place here that specializes in such offerings.I started off with some mulled wine and a Scotch Egg, but was torn between a savory pie and the Fish &amp; Chips, which they offer as a special on Fridays. I ended up going with the Steak &amp; Ale pie (but will have to come back some other time to try the Fish &amp; Chips!)The Scotch Egg was decent. The yolk was still runny and the exterior was nice and crispy. It was not too salty and came with plenty of old style mustard. However, certain portions of the ground sausage still remained uncooked and there were pieces of stringy ligaments that were tough to chew.The Steak &amp; Ale pie had a nice flavor. The filling was basically beef and carrot stew in a red wine sauce. I wish there was a bit more sauce though, as the pie was a bit dry overall, and while the shell was flakey, it was a bit tough to cut through. The chips were nice and crispy, though, and they use 78 Brand ketchup (which I believe is produced locally).The mulled wine was very good - warm and nicely spiced. However, the Cherry Trifle dessert was very dry. I expected a hint of booze per the menu description, but could not taste any. I also couldn't taste much custard, and the vanilla cake portion, which made up most of the dessert, was very dry and stale. They probably made it a few days back. The cherries were good, though, and it was served in a cute glass chalice. &nbsp;I loved the interior decor and the service was nice. I would definitely come back for the Fish &amp; Chips on a future visit to Chicago!Cherry TrifleCherry TrifleScottish EggScottish EggSteak &amp; Ale pie with ChipsSteak &amp; Ale pie with ChipsSee all photos from Nataly N. for Pleasant House Pub
1/20/2019I'd been meaning to try Pleasant House Pub for a while, and am glad I finally got around to trying it. My friend and I split two of their royal pies - one steak and ale pie plus their weekly special, a beef barbacoa pie. Both were delicious, and I would recommend both. The steak and ale pie was nice and hearty, while the beef barbacoa definitely was well-seasoned and involved an excellent execution of spices. My friend and I got an order of hand-cut chips (fries, for us non-Brits) which were crispy and delicious, because we were worried about how small the pies looked. I read someone else's Yelp review that said despite how small the pies are, they are filling enough, and we could've left the meal satisfied enough even without the fries.The service was really lovely and attentive, and their outdoor patio (covered in the winter and still very charming) was very cute. The only reason this is four stars over five stars is the pies are yummy, but I do feel they're still a little tiny for their value, and I wish they were just a fraction bigger, or maybe came with some kind of side at least.Steak and ale pie at the bottom, beef barbacoa pie (weekly special) in the back.Steak and ale pie at the bottom, beef barbacoa pie (weekly special) in the back.
1/20/20191 check-inYummy, cozy, brunch, lunch, or dinner spot for fans of British pies and rugby! This quaint restaurant offers a variety of pies, crowned with mashed potatoes or not, plus a bunch of potato dishes. The atmosphere is fun and unique. Choose from outdoor seating under bulb lights, indoor dining at four-tops, or some individual seats along the interior wall. There's one tv above the bar, which was broadcasting a rugby game. The decor reminds one of England: quirky and charming!We stopped in for brunch (Sunday's from 10:00am-2:00pm) and enjoyed a Bloody Mary ($8.00) before the main event. I loved the breakfast chips ($8.50) which were potato slabs covered in gravy, cheese, and bacon. Recommended for sharing, as it's in the heavier side! The pies were flaky and delicious. The steak and ale pie ($10.50) is more like a pot pie in terms of size and weight, but it's a yummy warm-your-soul type of pie. I had the Royal Breakfast pie ($6.50) with spinach, egg, and cheese, which is more like a quiche. Both were tasty!Service was speedy and the food was hot. I'm eager to come back for dinner and see the expanded offerings. If you can't stay to diner in, you can pick up a to go order at the counter.Royal Breakfast pie- $6.50Royal Breakfast pie- $6.50Spinach, egg, and cheese pie- $6.50Spinach, egg, and cheese pie- $6.50Bar area with good beer selectionBar area with good beer selectionSee all photos from Abigail H. for Pleasant House Pub
2/16/2019Updated review3 check-insWe were in area and swung by and picked up a steak and ale pie to go ($10.50). &nbsp;Our last visit was way back in 2013 at the tiny original location. &nbsp;This place is much roomier and cozy as well, with a nice, mellow British pub vibe. &nbsp;The young lady bartender (who took our carryout order) was a Brit too! &nbsp;The pie seems a bit on pricey side but it was probably so in 2013 as well at $7.95 then. &nbsp;Nonetheless, it's a nice treat for us from across the pond. &nbsp;I hope to be back for a cozy dine-in pub meal one day, but to do so will have to convince the wife to not eat alternatively in nearby Chinatown!Looks like they deliver!Looks like they deliver!Some wall decorSome wall decorDraft beer menu board, circa March 2019Draft beer menu board, circa March 2019See all photos from Howard L. for Pleasant House Pub
12/30/20181 check-inFirst time here! No wait and found parking by the restaurant. How lucky!I ordered the English breakfast and Scottish egg. It was delish. Everything was cooked to perfect. Flavor was on point. I have to come back! My friend got the blt sandwich with potatoes. She loved it. We also ordered the pork belly pie. It was tasty and crust was perfectly baked.Must come back again!!See all photos from Cindy G. for Pleasant House Pub
2/25/20191 check-inI have been wanting to check out Pleasant House Pub since I saw it on the 2019 Bib Gourmand list and I got a chance to do so this weekend.After volunteering at the nearby Open Books, some friends and I stopped in for lunch around noon. The place was pretty crowded, with a big group watching a rugby match in the left room.They had a pretty good draft beer and cocktail list, and made a bloody mary upon request. The pies were absolutely delicious - we tried the two specials (corned beef and a vegan one), as well as the Spinach and Chicken ones that are regularly on the menu. I highly recommend ordering one of the pies with the mashed potatoes and gravy on top.Everything was great and i can't wait to go back again!
12/21/2018Updated review7 check-insLove the new space they moved to! &nbsp; What a fabulous lunch today!!! &nbsp; My husband had the steak pie and I had the Pub Burger. &nbsp; Delicious! &nbsp; I don't know the name of it, but I had the rum drink on their cocktail menu and it was really good. &nbsp; Look forward to returning! &nbsp;Back again . &nbsp; In addition to the Pub Burger, has the Bubble Cake which is out of this world delicious!!!!! &nbsp; &nbsp;Also tried the Mac &amp; Cheese which was good also. &nbsp;Finally had the fish and chips! &nbsp; &nbsp;So good! &nbsp; Had the delicious bubble cake as a starter. &nbsp;They updated their cocktail menu.
3/1/2019My favorite part about this place is the ambiance! Pleasant house pub is such a cute hidden gem - love the British style interior although seating is pretty limited in this area. We ended up sitting in the "garden" area which is covered (atleast it was in the winter, not sure if they open it in the summer) which had this serene quality about it. The only negative was that it was a bit chilly in this area on a cold winter day. Since the royal pies are their specialty I decided to get the chicken balti pie ($10.50). The chicken filling reminded me of the way I cook Indian chicken with all the spices. I would say the pie was good but I wasn't blown away by it and wouldn't necessarily come back here for it. We also tried their coffee cake which was fresh and delicious. Prices are very reasonable. There is free street parking on the side street which was easy to find.Chicken balti pieChicken balti pie
12/19/20181 check-inTheir meat pies are so delicious as well as the deluxe gravy chips (basically like a poutine without the cheese curds). The gravy chips were basically fried potato wedges smothered in thick gravy and braised beef. SO YUMMY. The texture of the potatoes were perfect, crispy on the outside but soft on the inside.We got the steak and ale meat pie and the chicken balti pie. Highly recommend both of those! I would recommend getting the mashed potato crown with the steak and ale pie, the flavors complement each other well. We didn't get the chicken balti pie with the crown since it's flavored with spices and I think the mashed potato and gravy would mask the flavor of the spices. Don't be fooled by how small the pies look! They're actually quite filling!For drinks we got the draft sangria and the ginger fizz. The ginger fizz was unlike any other ginger soda I've had before- you can actually taste the natural ginger flavor! The draft sangria was really good too!Service was amazing, love the dim lighting at night and the decor. Would 100% come back here.
3/7/2019They have awesome meat pies and other English fare. &nbsp;The steak and ale one is very flavorful. &nbsp; Please get the crown on top of the pie, which consists of mashed potatoes and gravy. &nbsp; The service is great and the staff is friendly.The beer selection is decent enough, but sort of on the pricey side. &nbsp;All in All this is a must try if you are in Pilsen.
6/18/2018This place is so chill and the food is fantastic. Came here for brunch, they got a simple menu and the food is modern with a British pub style twist. We got eggs Benedict, the cure and poutine. Everything was made with high quality ingredients and full of flavor. The poutine was so incredible we wish we had room for another plate.Got a mimosa and bloody marry with my food, both tastes great, not big on garnish but it works with their minimalist style.The location is not in a busy neighborhood, lots of street parking.Can't wait to come back here for dinner!!!
6/24/20181 check-inI'm torn on my rating of Pleasant House Pub. Overall, it was a good experience, but I don't think it's worthy of the 4.5 star rating on Yelp. The only reason being is the recommended pie (curry chicken) lacked flavor. Not only was it not bold, but it really did taste like nothing. Despite that, here's other reasons why you should go:- Neighborhood: It's just south of East Pilsen on a strip of several other restaurants and businesses.- Atmosphere: It's a beautiful space. There's an outdoor patio and an inside dining area with a bar on one side and beautiful marble tables and window seating on the other.- Drinks: Their drink menu is excellent and their draft sangria comes in a giant glass goblet and is among the best sangria I've ever had.If you like beautiful environments and sangria, go here. If you want flavorful food, walk a few blocks to Ca Phe Da.See all photos from Austin G. for Pleasant House Pub
12/4/20182 check-insPerhaps because I was subjected to frozen Swanson chicken pot pies as a wee lad, but meat pies were never something I ever thought could be notable.But then I visited Pleasant House. &nbsp;And my life was forever changed.The meat pies here are savory and spectacular. &nbsp;The steak and ale pie has a depth of flavor so vast you'll find it staring back at you. &nbsp;Unbelievable. &nbsp;The mushroom and kale pie is so rich and earthy you'll swear it must be filled with flesh.You can also get them frozen to go, and they travel and reheat oh so well. &nbsp;You'll have a delicious pub evening at home!There is a well curated selection of Continental beers and Domestic crafts from which you may choose, and the cocktails are solid. &nbsp;My noble bourbon boozers will do well to order a Black Manhattan, should the Averna still be in stock.Locals are lucky; for others the Pub is worth the trip.
10/9/20181 check-inMy husband and I brought a couple friend of ours and we all loved it! We all had the kale and mushroom pie - thick pie crust but soft enough to go well with the filling and not go soggy. Filling was nice and creamy and really good blend of the ingredients. We also added mashed potatoes and peas as sides to go with our pies and made it even more amazing. I love their curry fries even more! Just enough crunch on the outside and very soft inside. Good seasoned fries and curry was a nice touch.I also don't typically like ginger beer but their ginger drink was nice and refreshing. Not your typical strong flavor but you can still taste the ginger.The place itself was nice - not too crowded when we were there. Our waitress was personable and attentive. Very quaint feel with the lights and outdoor feel where we were. Bathrooms were top notch! One was almost all gold lol.A place to return to for sure.MenuMenu
1/22/20183 check-insDo you feel like a jerk when your review goes against the Yelp grain? I usually don't, but this time I do. In part because the service and bartenders are all so friendly. Pleasant House clearly uses high quality ingredients too. So why only 3 stars? I just don't think the flavors meld well in the pies I've tried. They're all pretty and sound nice in theory, but could each be executed better. I've been three or four times and never had anything bad enough to send back, just not impressed.I've never been to England, so maybe I just don't get the vibe. I remember when this location housed Nightwood. The decor is similar only in them keeping the dining area dimly lit. Those chef's closed shop and now run Giant in Logan Square. I was a huge fan. I swear that hasn't skewed my review, lol. PHB isn't bad by any means. I just can't say that I'd go outta my way to return. I'd rather stop here for a drink until Del Toro texts to say my table is ready.Cider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeCider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeCider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeCider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeCider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeCider &amp; Rye - hot local cider with Rumi mulling spices and Rittenhouse RyeSee all photos from Christopher V. for Pleasant House Pub
2/2/20191 check-inWe came here for lunch on a Saturday. The pub was very well designed and decorated, very reminiscent of a typical English pub in London but very spacious. They have a very nice range of beers on tap, both local as well as from the UK and Europe.I ordered the full English breakfast while my wife and daughter ordered the Steak and Ale pie, Chicken Balti pie and Scotch egg. The food was very tasty, much better than regular English pubs, although I would recommend the pies and scotch egg more than the breakfast. The price was reasonable for the location and quantity. We would definitely return!Scotch eggScotch eggSteak and Ale pieSteak and Ale pieScotch eggScotch eggSee all photos from Paul C. for Pleasant House Pub
